Congestion window reduced on ACK (#2244)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

  The RECOMMENDED value is 0.5.

kPersistentCongestionThreshold:

> : Number of consecutive PTOs after which network might be considered to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Number of consecutive PTOs after which the network is considered to be
```

I prefer "is" instead of "might be" given you already have considered.

Author: I don't want to say "is" because that implies that persistent congestion has happened. As Marten notes, that is only done when the ACK is received.

  experiencing persistent congestion.  The rationale for this threshold is to
  enable a sender to use initial PTOs for aggressive probing, as TCP does with
  Tail Loss Probe (TLP) {{TLP}} {{RACK}}, before establishing persistent
  congestion, as TCP does with a Retransmission Timeout (RTO) {{?RFC5681}}.  The
  RECOMMENDED value for kPersistentCongestionThreshold is 2, which is equivalent

>   to having two TLPs before an RTO in TCP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to two TLPs before an RTO in TCP.
```
